docs: Non-UI API docs rewrite (pt 1) (#8825)
unoplatform/uno: doc/articles/features/app-close-handler.md

# App Close Handler

> [!TIP]
> This article covers Uno-specific information for YourFeature. For a full description of the feature and instructions on using it, consult the UWP documentation: https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/uwp/api/windows.ui.core.preview.systemnavigationmanagerpreview.closerequested

>  * The `SystemNavigationManagerPreview` API allows your app to handle or prevent user's request to close it. This only works for standard app closing request - the user can still kill the application's process by other means.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 * The `SystemNavigationManagerPreview` API allows your app to handle or prevent users' requests to close it. This only works for standard app closing requests - the user can still kill the application's process by other means.
```
